Added Composer based theme installation important note (#4347)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-install.md

To install the theme as composer package, follow the instructions in the [Install, manage, and upgrade modules]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/howtos/install-components.html) topic.

{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info }

> If a theme is loaded through Composer will be stored in `vendor` directory within Magento.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Composer to install a theme writes all theme files to the `vendor/` directory.
```
